---
title: "關於我們 - devdatatronic"
date: 2025-12-16T11:24:36.222694Z
original_url: "https://datatronic.com.hk/en/%e9%97%9c%e6%96%bc%e6%88%91%e5%80%91/"
collection: pages
slug: en-%e9%97%9c%e6%96%bc%e6%88%91%e5%80%91
---
About Datatronic
Established in 1971, we have emerged as a renowned global leader in Custom Magnetics Technologies. Our company is dedicated to provide world-class manufacturing, total quality management, responsive service, and unmatched value. With our widespread presence, our Custom Magnetics design, service, and manufacturing facilities are strategically situated across the globe, ensuring comprehensive support for our esteemed customers.
Research, Sales and Service Locations
Sales Office: United States, Hong Kong
Research Centers: United States, Hong Kong, Zhongshan
Manufacturing Sites: USA, Hong Kong, China (Shunde, Zhongshan), Vietnam
Brand Strength
We possess specialized knowledge in magnetic components, exceptional design and manufacturing capabilities, and a top-notch service team. These factors grant us a competitive edge, enabling us to accurately foresee and deliver highly tailored solutions to meet our clients' specific product requirements. Throughout the years, we have earned recognition and praise from our clients and consistently nurtured strong and collaborative relationships.
On Time Delivery
With our large production capacity, we guarantee on-time delivery.
Our modern production plant spans across an area of 40,000 square meters. Equipped with cutting-edge automated equipment and supported by a dedicated workforce of over 1,200 employees, we ensure exceptional productivity and swift and punctual delivery of our products.
Comprehensive Customer Service
At our company, we value our clients' interests.
We have a committed team of professionals to oversee every aspect of the process, including sampling, production, packaging, and shipping. This ensures a worry-free experience for our clients. In the event of any quality concerns with our products, our after-sales customer service team promptly follows up to address and resolve the issues.
